Exercise 1.
1.  Person:
  Use a dictionary to store information about a person you know.
Store their first name, last name, age, and the city in which they live. You
should have keys such as first_name, last_name, age, and city. Print each piece  
of information stored in your dictionary

2. Favorite Numbers:
  Use a dictionary to store people’s favorite numbers.
Think of five names, and use them as keys in your dictionary. Think of a favorite number for each person, and store each as a value in your dictionary. Print
each person’s name and their favorite number. For even more fun, poll a few
friends and get some actual data for your program.



3. Glossary:
A Python dictionary can be used to model an actual dictionary.
However, to avoid confusion, let’s call it a glossary.  

*   Think of five programming words you’ve learned about in the previous
chapters. Use these words as the keys in your glossary, and store their
meanings as values.
*   Print each word and its meaning as neatly formatted output. You might
print the word followed by a colon and then its meaning, or print the word
on one line and then print its meaning indented on a second line. Use the
newline character (\n) to insert a blank line between each word-meaning
pair in your output.  

Output:
  Variable: 
       A container for storing data values. 
 String: 
       A sequence of characters. 
 List: 
      An ordered collection of items. 
 Dictionary: 
      A collection of key-value pairs. 
 Function: 
     A block of code that performs a specific task.  


Exercise 2:
Polling: 
use this dictionary:

favorite_languages = {
    'jen': ['python', 'rust'],
    'sarah': ['c'],
    'edward': ['rust', 'go'],
    'phil': ['python', 'haskell'],
    } 


*   Make a list of people who should take the favorite languages poll. Include
some names that are already in the dictionary and some that are not.
*   Loop through the list of people who should take the poll. If they have
already taken the poll, print a message thanking them for responding.
If they have not yet taken the poll, print a message inviting them to take
the poll

Pets: 
  Make several dictionaries, where each dictionary represents a different pet. In each dictionary, include the kind of animal and the owner’s name. Store these dictionaries in a list called pets. Next, loop through your list and as you do, print everything you know about each pet  

Favorite Places: 
  Make a dictionary called favorite_places. Think of three names to use as keys in the dictionary, and store one to three favorite places for each person. To make this exercise a bit more interesting, ask some friends to name a few of their favorite places. Loop through the dictionary, and print each person’s name and their favorite places.  

Cities: 
  Make a dictionary called cities. Use the names of three cities as keys in your dictionary. Create a dictionary of information about each city and include the country that the city is in, its approximate population, and one fact about that city. The keys for each city’s dictionary should be something like country, population, and fact. Print the name of each city and all of the information you have stored about it.